Cages GA Attestation (#15)
evervault/evervault-android: README.md

## Contributing
Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub.

> ## Cages
> 
> Cage attestation is written in Rust and Kotlin bindings can be found [here](https://github.com/evervault/attestation-doc-validation/tree/main/kotlin-attestation-bindings) that are used to intgrate them into this project.
> 
> If you wish to update the Rust bindings, make any necessary changes in the Atttesation crate and run the following [script](https://github.com/evervault/attestation-doc-validation/blob/main/kotlin-attestation-bindings/build-libs.sh) to build and copy the shared library files for each architecture into this repo
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Cages

Cage attestation is written in Rust and Kotlin bindings can be found [here](https://github.com/evervault/attestation-doc-validation/tree/main/kotlin-attestation-bindings) that are used to integrate them into this project.

If you wish to update the Rust bindings, make any necessary changes in the Attesation crate and run the following [script](https://github.com/evervault/attestation-doc-validation/blob/main/kotlin-attestation-bindings/build-libs.sh) to build and copy the shared library files for each architecture into this repo.

```
